hey guys today we review in the sand eco
at coral finger glove this glove comes
with four millimeters of soft palm latex
with a roll finger car a soft latex is
one of the best types of latex a grip
and most goalkeeper companies uses latex
for their water-based gloves reasons why
our that soft latex when dampened
creates more of a cushion feel wind
catch in the ball so if you're a
goalkeeper that lives in more wetter
regions of the world then this type of
latex is perfect for you because the
latex performs better when the water has
been absorbed into the latex when I
first put these gloves on I immediately
felt how comfortable they were with a
roll finger cut the soft latex and the
tight-fitting wrist strap it really did
feel that this glove was specially
tailored for me I've really liked gloves
with the tight and snug feel it gives me
a lot more confidence in go I was able
to move my things around inside of the
glove without feeling that the glove
would restrict my fingers from flexing
too much taking these gloves out to the
fielder then catching with them felt
great the soft palm latex stay true to
its name and the ball stuck perfectly to
the gloves before we start using this
type of latex
you should always dampen it with a
little bit of water this just means a
latex does not rough away as quickly and
then can improve the lifespan of your
gloves the only big disavow with this
glove is that because the latex is soft
the durability will degrade a lot
quicker than any other type of latex you
should always keep a bottle of water
nearby to you to add the latex if it
starts to become too dry overall these
gloves performed to a good standard
there wasn't really anything that stood
out for me this glove is just an
all-round basic glove his gloves would
be great to use as a spare match glove
if it starts to rain unexpectedly or you
could just use them for training for
only 15 pounds these are a good backup
glove to use hey guys thank you so much
for watching this video if you have any
questions or comments please leave them
in the comment box I like them subscribe
for more goalkeeper videos and once
again I'll see you in the next video